I'm going to complain about math for a minute

Just, humor me for a second. You have no idea how hard it is to have nobody to complain to about this.

Modern geometry has become so dependent on the cross-product.

God bless Mr. Lagrange for his contributions to mathematics, but my god is it a crutch for higher dimensional geometry.

I'm not sure if anybody really cares to remember the cross-product from school, but basically it goes like this:

You have two arrows, and the cross product takes those two arrows and gives you a new arrow that points away from those other two.

Really handy thing to have when you deal with lots of arrows that really, really can't be pointing towards each other like I do.

But the way it's made, the third arrow is supposed to be at exactly right angles to the two original arrows.

In three dimensions, there's only two possible answers to that question, assuming the first two arrows aren't identical.

And Lagrange, the genius that he was (that wasn't sarcasm, he was really clever), came up with a way to consistently pick
one of those two answers, and the user could always know which answer to expect.

It's such a useful function, that everybody everywhere on your planet uses it possibly millions of times a day
and you don't even realise it's happening.

But in 4 dimensions, there's an infinite number of these possible answers for that third arrow.

How do I pick one?

Lagrange used the order in which the two input arrows (they're actually called 'vectors' by the way) was given.

This works, because there's only two ways to order two things. Give me A and B, or give me B and A. Pretty elegant.

There's not enough information for me to know which arrow someone wants when they give me two arrows.

There's so many of them. Yeah, I could check the order, and that would eliminate one of the infinitely many possibilities.

That leaves, let me check.. yes infinity minus 1 possibilities left. All I need is to find infinity more things I can take one answer away for.

That's obviously too much to ask.

I can't ask the user for an infinite amount of information for such a simple question.

Why do I care?

Well, this whole world hinges on it.

You may not know how any of these things made it here, but I spent a lot of time hiding in fear of the cross-product.

Everywhere I would use a cross product, I tiptoed around it carefully, soas not to disturb the beast.

All these shapes have vectors pointing away from them, and all of them I painstakingly crafted myself, rather than calculating them.

It's a weakness I can't run from anymore. I have to solve this problem for the world to hold itself together.

No pressure, right?

It forces me to do something unthinkable.

I have to read into the mind of Lagrange. I have to do what he did. I have to invent mathematics.

I can do it. 
I know I can, because I know you can do it.
Maybe not right this second, but if I gave you the time, and the necessity, you would do it.

I know I don't know you very well. You know I don't know you very well. But I believe in a world without destiny.

If you believe in a world without destiny, you must believe you can do anything that DaVinci, Einstein, Newton or any of those famous
"smart people" could do.

Because they weren't smart.

You aren't smart either. To be smart is to be destined. You must have been born with a destiny for intelligence to be smart.

If you believe you can control your own life, then nobody in the history of time has ever been smart.

I believe it.

I believe there is no such thing as smartness.

Just do as you can in this moment. In this moment, we have thousands of years of knowledge from people who invented math for us.

None of these people were special.

You're not special either.

You and Einstein are of the same kind.

You and I are of the same kind.

The only difference is that Einstein took the time.
