Maybe I'm just selfish

I don't know what I'm doing

I could just fade away. Nobody would notice.

I have a job that pays well. I have a wife that I love. I have my own house.
Life should be good, right?

Sometimes I wish times were worse. Maybe then I'd have something to live for.

Are there "kinds" of people?

I wish the world was different. I wish I could just disappear into my own place where nobody could find me. 
So I could make things for people and they would all like me.

I can never focus. I lost my train of thought years ago.

Why does the world bother to exist?

I'm terrible at everything and by the time I improve, my life will be over.

I wish I could make games. I wish I didn't have to write tests all the time. 
I wish I could go away where I had no friends or family and focus for a change.
I'm tired of doing my job. I'm tired of pretending to get along. I'm tired of chasing new jobs I don't even want.
I'm tired of spending all my spare time asleep. I'm tired of staring blankly at words that are supposed to help.
I'm tired of forcing myself to laugh. I'm tired of feeling nothing. 

I'm tired of everything.

I wish the world was different.

Is the world the way it is because it has to be? If I made a new world, would it collapse under absurdity?
Would everything just cease to work if it worked any other way?

Did God build a perfect world? Am I trapped in a perfect world?

Have you heard of the XY problem?

When I was younger I had to leave my friends behind on multiple occasions. 
It made me sad that they would all just stop calling after a while. 
My games never left me. They always remembered who I was.

A pocket world where no matter where I was, I could go somewhere else.

I wonder how many people starved to death today. I wonder how many people froze on a park bench, alone.

I make $150,000 a year, plus benefits and a yearly bonus. I should be happy. 
Many others would be far more happy than I am with the same amount of money.

Money makes people happy.

Maybe I'm the kind of person who can never be happy.

I'm doing great, how are you? Oh, that's great!

The exclamation point is just another button, it's not harder to press than any of the other buttons.

Emoji are cool and fun. They let your coworkers know you are happy and that they should be happy too.
If you're all happy, you can all do your job so you can make your money and get more happy so you can do your job so you can make your money so you can happy for job make money for happy make job make money make happy keep working it's for the benefits

How can I want more? I have the meaning of life 150,000 times every year.

I must be selfish. Nobody cares about my problems. What problems? I can just buy solutions.

If the Earth just lost a little mass, we'd all lose a little weight.

Gravity pulls me towards my bed. My bed repels me with an equal force.
It borrows that force from my floorboards, held down by beams attached to my house.
My house sits upon miles of dirt and clay and rock.
My dirt is held together by everyone else's dirt. Our dirt is pulled towards the sun by gravity.
Lucky for us, the Earth misses the sun as it falls. It tries again once every year.
Our sun is pulled down by gravity, towards some ill-defined thing that feels like someone was 
trying too hard to make things opposite of each other. 

Everything is pulled together.

Everything is flying apart. Some day they will be so far apart, the world will no longer bother to exist.

Who designed this stupid place?

For every direction there are an unlimited number of other directions. 
A smaller infinity of those directions are special because we like them more. 
These directions point as far away from the other direction as possible, without pointing backwards.
For every pair of direction and special direction, there can only be one more special direction to go with it.
This third direction is special to the direction and to the special direction at the same time.
This is a fundamental property of our world. It can never change. It should never change. Any other world is absurd.

We could never understand anything that works differently. By the time we begin to understand, our lives would be over.

God made us with three directions. Not more. Not less. 

Blasphemy will not be tolerated.

The appendix serves no purpose.

Maybe some day I'll write a song that I like.

I always felt like I was behind everyone else. Like everyone understood things better and faster than I did.
Maybe I'm just the kind of person who doesn't get it.

I met a man who loves his job. He talks with such energy about build systems. He is happy to work on platform engineering.

I know he's happy because I ask him how he is, and he says "I'm doing great, how are you?" 
I tell him I'm doing great, and he says that's great.

This man has charisma. Charisma is how special kinds of people take what they want.

I failed most of my writing classes in grade school. 
Well, by "failed" I mean I had tons of special kinds of people to bail me out and still get a C.

I dropped out of debate. I can't stand debate. Debate means you take a side. Do you not care if you're wrong?
Nobody wins a debate.

I'm going to make a game that's different than all the others.

Have you ever played Miegakure? It's beautiful.

We never talk anymore. Why? We used to be best friends. Maybe we were just best friends because we didn't have anyone else.

I like to be obtuse. It makes me hard to understand. You'll have to talk to me to know more.

What if I just said exactly what I was thinking? What if I kept no secrets? 
What if everyone knew all there was to know about me? How would they know it wasn't a trick?

Is understanding possible?

Language exists to create understanding. The only goal of language is to sync the understanding of people.
If your listener understands what you mean, and you agree with their understanding, then you have spoken correctly.

me too, thanks.