What are you doing here?

Why bother to continue?

Are you looking for something? Do you think you'll find it here?

I often need to find a space to breathe. 
Sometimes I go running, it's good for you.

Do you know why it's good for you? I'm not sure anyone really knows the specifics.
I think I know one thing though. Running makes you breathe. 
You can't do it without breathing.

Do you enjoy the warmth of a wood fire? Do you like to see the dance of the lights
as they wisp away into the atmosphere?

Do you know what a fire is? I don't mean the logs or the air. I mean fire.

Fire is mysterious. Every culture has it's own mysticism about fire.
They're right to do so.

Are you tired? Are you sad? What's wrong? Do you know?

Are you missing something?

Fire is energy. Fuel and air combine to make fire. We need fire to live. Both of us.

Fire consumes fuel and air to make energy and exhaust.

Imagine a roaring wood fire. It consumes the carbon of the once living trees and makes it into carbon dioxide.
Carbon is fuel. Carbon dioxide is exhaust.
The carbon of the tree is first heated. Cold wood doesn't burn.
When the carbon is hot, it mixes with oxygen to make carbon dioxide, and in doing so, it gives off light and heat.
Light and heat are energy. Oxygen is air.

Wood is made from a tree. A tree is made out of fuel.

A tree is made of carbon. It combines light from the sun with carbon dioxide to make carbon and air.
The sun is made of fire.
A tree consumes the energy of the sun and the carbon dioxide in the air to make fuel.
We take the fuel of the tree and return it to its constituent parts.
Energy and Exhaust.
A tree begins as fire. A tree ends as fire.
Fires make trees into more fire.
Fire begins as a tree. Fire ends as a tree.
Trees make fire into more trees.

Have you ever tried to start a fire?
It takes quite a bit of energy to make a fire.
A fire doesn't simply start on its own. It needs fuel. It needs air. It needs energy.

Do you find yourself lacking fire? I do.

Some fires light easily. Others need time and care. Be patient. Your fire will start.
We never seem to lack fuel these days.
How can such a surplus of fuel be so hard to start?
You need fire for energy. You need energy for fire.
And yet, even when your fuel is activated with energy, sometimes
It just doesn't seem to light. 

How cruel.

I once had a roaring fire. It was magnificent.
The tongues licked the sky. The coals bellowed the air with a mighty wind into its belly.
It was beautiful.
And yet, somehow, the fire died.
There was still plenty of fuel, and yet... no fire.
I tried to gather the coals to keep in the heat, but it just seemed to snuff out the flames.
They would flicker now and again, but they would never catch.
The fire had died.

I piled on more fuel, but they only snuffed the flames further.

The fire had lost its breath.

Motion is energy. We are the chosen few who animate.
That is what makes us the animal. The being that animates.

The animal eats carbon to grow, and it breathes oxygen. 
It uses carbon and oxygen to make motion and carbon dioxide.
Motion is energy. Carbon is fuel. Oxygen is air. Carbon dioxide is exhaust.

The animal consumes fuel and air to make energy and exhaust.

Are you tired? Are you sad?

Cold wood doesn't burn.
Hot wood still needs to breathe.

Are you still looking for something? Do you still think you'll find it here?
